Clarify the use of `/usr/local` (#58)
kairos-io/kairos-docs: content/en/docs/Architecture/immutable.md

```

`/usr/local` will contain all the persistent data which will be carried over in-between upgrades, unlike the changes made to `/etc` which will be discarded.

> NOTE: The persistent data live in directories that are bind mounted to `/usr/local` (check the [bind_mounts configuration option]({{< relref "../reference/configuration" >}})). Creating a directory in `/usr/local` manually (e.g. using a command in some `stage`) won't work.

Reviewer: I think an alert would be better for this ... other than that lgtm

Author: Good point! I keep forgetting about "alert". Changed.

`/usr/local` will contain all the persistent data which will be carried over in-between upgrades, unlike the changes made to `/etc` which will be discarded.

{{% alert color="info" %}}

> The persistent data live in directories that are bind mounted to `/usr/local` (check the [bind_mounts configuration option]({{< relref "../reference/configuration" >}})). Creating a directory in `/usr/local` manually (e.g. using a command in some `stage`) won't work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The persistent data live in directories that are bind mounted to `/usr/local/.state` (check the [bind_mounts configuration option]({{< relref "../reference/configuration" >}})).  `/usr/local` is mounted during boot with the first  partition found labeled `COS_PERSISTENT`. 
```

> The persistent data live in directories that are bind mounted to `/usr/local/.state` (check the [bind_mounts configuration option]({{< relref "../reference/configuration" >}})).  `/usr/local` is mounted during boot with the first  partition found labeled `COS_PERSISTENT`. 

Author: ```suggestion
The persistent data live in directories that are bind mounted to `/usr/local/.state` (check the [bind_mounts configuration option]({{< relref "../reference/configuration" >}})).  `/usr/local` is mounted during boot with the first partition found labeled `COS_PERSISTENT`. 
```
